Elham Islam: Hello! My name's Aha, and today we'll be looking at an explanation for our bookstore project.
Elham Islam: To begin with, we import our inventory pricing and sales classes.
Elham Islam: We then have our
Elham Islam: for the pap class, which is only to output starting project at the beginning of our output.
Elham Islam: and we move into our main function
Elham Islam: where we have that
Elham Islam: Apco. and then we have are
Elham Islam: initialization where we create an instance of inventory to manage our inventory
Elham Islam: and pricing to handle all the inventory pricing
Elham Islam: and our sales.
Elham Islam: which has arguments for inventory and pricing
Elham Islam: which is used to create. To make our sales transactions.
Elham Islam: We then move into our first print
Elham Islam: our first print statement. Here we have a percentage sign.
Elham Islam: dash 15 s. What that does is it outputs
Elham Islam: a string for that s right there
Elham Islam: and
Elham Islam: then places 15 spaces before another string can be outputted.
Elham Islam: So here we have 3, 3 times press and dash 15 s.
Elham Islam: We have that 3 times and a percent end, which is a new line.
Elham Islam: Then we have our arguments, product, availability and price.
Elham Islam: These 3 strings go in, go into
Elham Islam: the small S's. We have here all respectively. So product would go first availability and then price. and there would be 15 spaces after product before availability, and then 15 place spaces after availability, and then price.
Elham Islam: Then we have all of our
Elham Islam: been Fs for
Elham Islam: for our items.
Elham Islam: Here we have something different. Our point 2
Elham Islam: point 2 in our formatting. which
Elham Islam:  which will mean that it outputs
Elham Islam: a decimal tube.
Elham Islam: The 2 decimal place or output the double to 2 decimal place
Elham Islam: and our arguments. Here is the string books.
Elham Islam: and then we call our we call inventory.is available, which returns a Boolean value.
Elham Islam: true or false. If
Elham Islam:  well, there is available method
Elham Islam: as
Elham Islam: the product, type and quantity as
Elham Islam: as arguments. and then returns is available. If
Elham Islam: that many that quantity of that product type is available and sure false is then outputted into
Elham Islam: our string. Here
Elham Islam: we then have pricing dot get price product type the argument product type voc.
Elham Islam: and it returns the double vari value for
Elham Islam: the price of a book.
Elham Islam: and it also outputs that in 2 decimal places in our output. and that it does that for books, stationery, pencils, and pens.
Elham Islam: Then we moved in to are sales transactions.
Elham Islam: We have.
Elham Islam:  we have a Boolean book sell
Elham Islam: initialized here.
Elham Islam: which sets the value sets.
Elham Islam: which sets the value true or false. and calls sales dot makesale. which passes product, type, and quantity as arguments.
Elham Islam: and it will return, true or false, if
Elham Islam: the sale can be made, considering
Elham Islam: If
Elham Islam: there are enough inventory according to the quantity past
Elham Islam: for the specific product type.
Elham Islam: and then it stores that true or false value in book sale. So we then output are transactions. Sold 2 books.
Elham Islam:  If if it's true, then it will say true. If it's false
Elham Islam: and there aren't enough stock or inventory, it will return false, and then it will output false too.
Elham Islam: and it does the same for book pencil and stationery.
Elham Islam: We then have.
Elham Islam:  We then have our print
Elham Islam: an output statement for
Elham Islam: class of sales, objects which basically outputs are
Elham Islam: class name. Here we have sales. Dot getclass, get simple name.
Elham Islam: If we only had get class here, would it would output bookstore dot sales dot sales
Elham Islam: as the class name is sales, and our in our office name is also sales.
Elham Islam: But
Elham Islam: that's pretty long. So that's why we've used get simple name here, which will return just the class name which is sales. And then the system outputs exiting the program.
Elham Islam: Let's now move in to our inventory. Bio.
Elham Islam: Here we have to begin with, in our inventory class. We define all our variables, book, stock, stationery, stock, pencil, stock, and pen stock as private as they will only be used inside our inventory class.
Elham Islam: They're all set t010-20-3040, respectively.
Elham Islam:  yeah. And and we move into our
Elham Islam: first method. In this class, which is is available. It has
Elham Islam: the arguments for string, product, type and quantity, and in quantity.
Elham Islam:  it uses a switch case
Elham Islam: for all the different product types and returns true or false.
Elham Islam: If
Elham Islam: if our stock we have is greater than or equal to the quantity requested in the main function.
Elham Islam: and that does the same for books, stationery, pencil, and pen. It also returns false
Elham Islam: if we don't have enough stock.
Elham Islam: as the quantity requested for the quantity requested.
Elham Islam: We then have our second method, decrement stock.
Elham Islam: which also has the class which also has the arguments string product type and in quantity. and it also uses the switch case for all the different types of product.
Elham Islam: and it will decrement the stock, according to whatever quantity is passed through our main function.
Elham Islam: Let's now look at our pricing class.
Elham Islam: To begin with, we have all our
Elham Islam: definitions or initializations here, where we
Elham Islam: find our book price, stationery, price, pencil, price and pen price as double and private as it's the same as inventory. We. It will only be used in our class.
Elham Islam: So they're all set to their respective prices here. And then we have our only method in this class.
Elham Islam: get price with a class with an argument product type.
Elham Islam: It also uses switch case similar to our inventory methods and
Elham Islam: for each product type. It will return
Elham Islam: their respective book prices.
Elham Islam: and it will also return 0 if the product is not
Elham Islam: one of. If if the product type isn't what we have
Elham Islam: cut. let's now move into sales. Java. Our sales. Class. Here we import our inventory and pricing.
Elham Islam: Here we import our inventory and pricing classes as they will be used in our sales. Class
Elham Islam:  to begin with, we we call instances for inventory and pricing.
Elham Islam: as like, I said, they will be. You lose in in my class
Elham Islam: and the constructor.
Elham Islam: We have our constructor here, which has arguments for inventory and pricing.
Elham Islam: as they are required to make sale
Elham Islam: to make transactions.
Elham Islam: We use this inventory as our
Elham Islam: inventory name, in our instance, is the same as that passed as an argument.
Elham Islam: so we could differentiate. So the code can differentiate.
Elham Islam: Then we have our make sale class make sale method.
Elham Islam: which has the class
Elham Islam: which has the arguments, string, product, type and integer quantity.
Elham Islam: We start with
Elham Islam: initializing our price or double price and set it to pricing dot get price.
Elham Islam: which also has product type. As an argument. So.
Elham Islam: looking back at our pricing
Elham Islam: it will pass whatever product type we have. and return its respective price.
Elham Islam: and it sets that to our local variable price here.
and we have our boogie is available
Elham Islam: which is set to true or false. according to our inventory.is available function that we call here.
Elham Islam: and it passes the product, type and quantity as
Elham Islam: arguments, so it will check width is available, and then return true, false, which will be set
Elham Islam: to our local Boolean variable is available. We then have a conditional statement, if is available.
Elham Islam: True.
Elham Islam: then, inventory will decrement stock. As we are making a sale
Elham Islam: the stock will decrease. So we call our inventory dot decrement stock function of method
Elham Islam: and pass our product, type and quantity food.
Elham Islam: and it will decrement stock. As we saw in our inventory class.
Elham Islam: We then have our new. a different. A different class sales counter. dot, update, update total sales
Elham Islam: which passes price times quantity as an argument and salescounter update total units. and which also passes out quantity as an argument.
Elham Islam: These calls are used to.
Elham Islam: as the name suggests, update our total sales
Elham Islam: and update our total units sold.
Elham Islam: and then it returns. True as we made as we have made. The sale.
Elham Islam: if is available, is false. then we return false as we couldn't make our sale.
Elham Islam: Let's look at our sales counter class that we have.
Elham Islam:  we initialize public static variables here. One of them being double total sales
Elham Islam: and integer total items. These 2 variables are static as they are
Elham Islam: use to count our total sales and total items sold for all books, stationary pens, or pencils.
Elham Islam:  it's not used for
Elham Islam: it's not used for specific objects. It's used for all of our product types. That's why it's static
Elham Islam: public static void update total sales with our
Elham Islam: argument as double value.
Elham Islam: This is used to
Elham Islam: update our total sales, it's initially set to 0. But whenever a sale is made, as we saw in our sales dot Java class.
Elham Islam: the value will be passed through to this class. To this method, and our total sales
Elham Islam: will be summed
Elham Islam: with our value here
Elham Islam: a value will be added to total sales.
Elham Islam: and we have our
Elham Islam: public psych
Elham Islam: void update tool units method.
Elham Islam: which also has his value as an argument.
Elham Islam: and it adds.
Elham Islam: it adds, whatever quantity is sold into our total items, which is also initially set to 0,
Elham Islam: and both these methods are static, as they need to be tracked throughout the code for all of our product types. And not only.
Elham Islam: for example, book.
Elham Islam: And then
Elham Islam: here, for example, for another example, we have
Elham Islam: another line like 46, where it says.
Elham Islam: Print statement for total sales and an argument used here is sales counter and total sales.
Elham Islam: We haven't used any other object to to output that total sales we have. We've called the sales counter directly.
Elham Islam: and that returns our total sales that we have here.
Elham Islam: which would be updated according to all these make sales we've made.
Elham Islam: And yeah. that should be. It.